ICU-22722 Revised ICU4J API doc process to modern tools (#2969)
unicode-org/icu: docs/processes/release/tasks/docs.md

Build the API documentation pages for the new release:

```

> release_tools/github_release.sh

Reviewer: 1. `release_tools` -> `releases_tools`
2. Make explicit the prior assumption that we're in the icu4j directory

```suggestion
cd icu4j
releases_tools/github_release.sh
```

```
The API documentation will be found in targets/github_release/

Next, update the documents for this version:

> * Copy the fulljavadoc.jar to the to icu-docs/apidoc directory, either dev (for release candidates) or released (for public distribution).

Reviewer: Typo?
```suggestion
* Copy the full javadoc.jar to the to icu-docs/apidoc directory, either dev (for release candidates) or released (for public distribution).
```

Author: No, the file is actually called "icu4j-75_1-fulljavadoc.jar". There's another file "icu4j-75_1-javadoc.jar" which is not the one to use.

Author: No, there are 2 javadoc files, icu4j-75_1-javadoc.jar and icu4j-75_1-fulljavadoc.jar. The "full" one is what should be used.

Reviewer 2: Might be best to document it as `icu4j-<version>-fulljavadoc.jar` then.
I think it would avoid confusion.

---

In the longer run I think that creating jar + unzipped folder should be done by the script.
No reason to do it by hand.

Build the API documentation pages for the new release:

```
cd icu4j
releases_tools/github_release.sh
```
The API documentation will be found in targets/github_release/

Next, update the documents for this version:

> * Copy the fulljavadoc.jar to the to icu-docs/apidoc directory, either dev (for release candidates) or released (for public distribution).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Copy the `icu4j-<version>-fulljavadoc.jar` to the to `icu-docs/apidoc` directory, either dev (for release candidates) or released (for public distribution).
```

> * Unzip the full javadoc.jar in that directory.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Unzip the `icu4j-<version>-fulljavadoc.jar` in that directory.
```
